---
layout: post
title: 'Organized Chaos'
author: Chris Albrecht
date: 2013-07-02
category: blog
---
I'm getting married in less than two weeks.  We planned the wedding ourselves, which, while it may seem is a moderate undertaking from the beginning, I assure you is not.  Now that the planning has come to a head we are (or should I say 'I am') sweating the details.  I'm trying desperately to keep my wits about me.  Figuring out how to do that is, ironically enough, causing more stress.

In an effort to try and relax I am trying to isolate the stressors in my life and mitigate them as best I can.  If only it were that easy.  I haven't succeeded yet in finding the magical cure, but what I have done is realized how many things there are in my everyday life that contribute to my mental instability.

Naturally there are the big items such as "Plan the Wedding" and "Work," but those big are actually easier to deal with.  My brain has become a veritable to-do list.  When I recognize a task that needs to be completed, I add it to the list.  The importance of the item does not equate to the space it takes up on the list.  Every item is an equal bullet point.  The length of the list, however, weighs quite a bit heavier.

To get on this list is not hard, which is sort of the crux of my issue.  The list is far to full of things far too small.  For example, those little red badges on my iPhone apps are all on the list.  They are notifications.  Notifications about are things that need my attention.  Therefore they have importance and I need to add them to my list.  They are waiting for me to address them.  Then there are things like the dishes in the sink.  Dishes should be clean and in cupboards.  Clothes on the floor should be on a rack or in a closet or hamper.  The carpet should not be caked in cat hair.  My car speakers sound worse now than before I replaced them, even after going to the shop 3 times.  That needs to be fixed.  The house needs to be painted.  The office needs to be cleaned.  Old photos need to be scanned.  My websites need to be updated.  We need to go grocery shopping.  The dishwasher is clean.  I need to exercise.  I need to practice my Spanish for our honeymoon.  I need to build new web development tools.  I need to keep up with fast moving web technologies...it just keeps going.  My list is miles long and not getting any shorter.  This has spawned a couple of major issues in my head.

The first is the feeling of inadequacy I feel about not being able to address all the things on this list.  Every time I walk past a sink full of dirty dishes on my way to work in the morning or get into my car with the busted speakers, it reminds me that I can't keep up with my responsibilities.  The longer that list gets, there are more unaccomplished items to gnaw at me.  Every time I'm reminded that they are still there they eat into me more and more.  This, in turn, invokes an incredible feeling of guilt when I take a break to watch a movie or play the guitar or try to relax.  All those things are still there, weighing on my shoulders.  The worst part of all of it, is that the things I really want to do, the selfish things, my goals and dreams, will always be at the bottom of that list.

In the beginning the wedding was a couple of large tasks.  Booking the reception hall and hiring a caterer are pretty key things in the grand scheme, but they are just 2 things.  I would deal with them like any other tasks.  Now that we are down to the last 2 weeks, the minutia is drowning me.  If we stopped working on the wedding completely and just winged it from here, we'd be fine.  The wedding would still happen.  People would still eat.  We'd still have fun.  We would just have to address all the little missing pieces on the fly.  That doesn't work for me.  That means I'm going to be worrying about all of those things the day of the wedding, and I would then have a lot of people very upset at me because I've been told repeatedly...just have fun.

I'm honestly getting really tired of everyone who feels the need to remind me that the wedding is in two weeks and asking me how it's going.  Can we please not bring my list of unaccomplished tasks up at every possible moment.  I'm well aware I still have a ton go things to do in the next week and a half.  Right now I'd like to focus on the other half-a-million responsibilities in my life.  Telling someone who is stressing about the final details of their wedding to "just have fun" on their wedding day is like telling a marathon runner that they are "almost there" when there is still another 5k left to run.

So how do I fix this?  I realize that this is not normal or healthy, but it's not just a switch you flip off.  I'm not going to wake up tomorrow and be a different person who ignores their responsibilities.  My brain is full of misprioritized clutter and I don't have time to organize it all.  I've tried actual to-do lists of various kinds, but there are just too many things.  When I write them down I can get them out of my head, which helps tremendously.  The problem is trying to get them all out of my head.  I'd spend all day adding and removing things from my head.  How do I let the little things go?  How do I organize this chaos in my head and focus on just things that really matter?
