---
layout: post
title: 'Cutting the Slack, Part 4'
author: Chris Albrecht
date: 2013-11-04
category: blog
---
Last week's goal of giving up coffee for one day didn't work so well.  I made it halfway through the day Friday before I caved.  Maybe I should start somewhere else.  That may be too large of a jump given my current workload and routine.  For now I'll hold to no more than 1 cup a day during the week.  Other thank blowing that goal, I feel pretty good about the last week and the weekend.  I feel like I'm accomplishing a lot of things and still taking time to relax and decompress on the weekend.

I'm wrapping up work for a couple of clients and about to start a redesign for another.  The old domain name expires at the end of the month and we need to have everything switched over to the new one before that happens.  Closing out the other deadlines, though, means much less stress during the week.

Thursday was Halloween.  I spent probably too much time with my costume and decorating the house, especially since I left work early to do it.  We only got 3 trick-or-treaters.

Friday night we didn't go out.  Just spend the night in together, which was nice.  I got some extra work done and we just relaxed and watched Haven.

Saturday I met my mom for lunch downtown and took her to the EVOO Marketplace to pick out some oils and vinegars while Laura met some friends.  It was a beautiful day outside so we wanted to get out and do something but ended up crashing back on the couch for a few hours instead.  Afterward we went out and finally got the microwave we needed then went to get dinner and play a little trivia.  Most importantly, no computer.

Sunday Laura had a swim meet in the morning then we drove up to the mountains for a little hiking and stopped off for dinner on the way home.  It felt so great to get out of the city for a while and to get some exercise.

I think the next step for me is to get back on some kind of workout routine.  I'd given that up while work was piling up.  I'd be happy starting slow with one day this week in the gym, then bumping that up to two next week.  I have the free weights at home as well, so I  need to hold myself to that routine once a week as well.  We'll see how that goes this week.  Hopefully next week I'll be writing with sore legs and a burning core.
