---
layout: post
title: 'Cutting the Slack, Part 3'
author: Chris Albrecht
date: 2013-10-29
category: blog
---
This is my third entry in three weeks.  So far I'm meeting my goal.  Making this a regular behavior is making it easier for me to start working on other things.  But like the journal entries, I'm starting slow, which is actually more difficult than I thought it would be.  I've actually had to reverse my thinking at times in order to stay on track.

In the past, when I was throwing myself into the fires of change, I would go at it with an all or nothing mentality.  I would skip the cookies and pizza for special events at work.  I would force myself to work out after work three days a week.  I would spend all my spare time on the computer working on a new project.  I would burn myself out.  Last week I had to convince myself that these things were ok...for now.

One of the departments at work had a chili cook off and I opted to skip it.  I really wanted it, but I brought my lunch that day and I try really hard to stick to my diet during the week, especially while I'm not exercising regularly.  There was also a happy hour after work for someone who was leaving.  I thought about not going to get caught up on work.  Instead, I knew all these things were piling up.  All the little things I sacrifice to try to improve myself can begin to weigh heavily when they pile up too quickly.  I have a plan in place and I need to stick to it.

Although I skipped the chili, I did not skip the happy hour.  I had a beer, hung out with some co-workers then had dinner while I watched some of the world series while I waited for traffic to clear before I drove home.  In the end, it felt good.  I kept an even keep and now I'm still on course with my plan.  It's important to step away from the computer every now and then and pay attention to the more important things, like friends and family.  One thing I have been working on for a while now is not allowing myself to get on the computer at all once a week.  That has been going well for a very long time and generally makes Mondays much easier.  Now, I do need to decide what to work on next.

I think I may start weaning myself off the coffee.  Just one day a week to start.  Maybe substitute it with an FRS or a better breakfast to get me going?  I'll try to hold myself to that on Friday.
