---
layout: post
title: 'Irish Vacation, Day 10: Slan Ireland'
author: Chris Albrecht
date: 2012-11-03
category: blog
---
Our last day in Ireland had arrived.  We awoke at 8:00am (2:00am MDT), shoved
everything we had back into our suitcases, stopped off for a quick breakfast
downstairs and grabbed our bus back to Dublin.  It was about a 3 hour ride to
Dublin, then a flight back across the pond to Boston, then on to D.C., and
finally into Denver.  It was going to be a long day.

At the Dublin airport we went through security twice, though never through a
metal detector, which was strange.  We arrived at the airport and first went
through security before entering the concourses, like you do, and then went
through customs.  Yeah, we went through customs in Ireland, which was also
strange but at least we got it out of the way early.  We thought about picking
up a few things at the duty free shop to bring home to everyone, but luggage was
already packed to the gill.  I'm not sure we would have made it through anyway,
because we had to go through security again before going to the international
gates.

We spent the rest of our Euros on lunch at the gate then bid a fond farewell to
Ireland.  A few hours later we cruised into Boston for a short layover and made
our way to the next gate, which happened to be in another terminal.  The fun
part about switching terminals in Boston is that the terminals are in separate
buildings, so you have to go through security again.  This one was not nearly as
speedy as the two in Ireland and by now we were on about travel hour 14.  After
about half an hour we made it through, found our gate and stopped off for some
dinner before hopping on the next flight to Washington D.C.  By this point I
think it was about 7pm local time (1:00am in Dublin).

D.C. was a quick switch of the plane and we were finally off to Denver.  I think
we both dozed off for a bit during this flight, and landed back in Denver at
midnight.  Laura's brother Adam came to pick us up and we arrived safely at home
just after 1:00am (7:00am in Dublin).  Nearly 24 hours of travel, but it was all
over.  All that was left to do was finish up the journal entries and post the
pictures so we'll never forget this amazing adventure.

Don't forget to check out all the photos on flickr.
